README.md, before:

# Smart Streaming Platform

A lightweight React-based frontend for a smart streaming platform — browse, search and explore media content. This repository contains the UI portion (React + JavaScript + HTML) and is an early-stage implementation of the app layout, home/explore/search pages and components.

> NOTE: This project is in active development. The README below is designed to get the app running locally and to give a clear roadmap for next steps.

## Table of contents
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Tech stack](#tech-stack)
- [Features (done / planned)](#features-done--planned)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Getting started (local development)](#getting-started-local-development)
- [Available scripts](#available-scripts)
- [Environment variables](#environment-variables)
- [Project structure](#project-structure)
- [Testing & quality](#testing--quality)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Demo
(If you have screenshots or a running demo — add them here.)
- Screenshot 1: `docs/screenshots/home.png`

## Tech stack
- Frontend: React (JavaScript)
- Markup: HTML
- Package manager: npm (or yarn)
- Recommended tools: ESLint, Prettier, GitHub Actions for CI

## Features (done / planned)
Done
- Initial React project structure and layout
- Navbar, sidebar and responsive layout
- Home feed UI with category chips
- Explore page (category browsing)
- Search page UI

Planned / suggested
- Video player (HLS/DASH) with adaptive streaming
- Backend APIs for media metadata, authentication and streaming
- Tests (unit and E2E), CI, and deployment setup
- Performance & accessibility improvements

## Prerequisites
- Node.js (LTS recommended, e.g. 16.x or 18.x)
- npm (comes with Node) or yarn
- Git

## Getting started (local development)
1. Clone the repo
   git clone https://github.com/aravind7979/Smart-streaming-platform-.git
2. Enter the project folder
   cd Smart-streaming-platform-
3. Install dependencies
   npm install
   (or `yarn` if you prefer)
4. Start the dev server
   npm start
   or
   npm run dev

If `npm start` or `npm run dev` is not configured, check `package.json` for scripts — common commands are `start`, `dev`, or `serve`.

## Available scripts
Add or update these scripts in your package.json if they are not present:

- npm start — start the development server
- npm run build — create a production build
- npm test — run unit tests
- npm run lint — run ESLint
- npm run format — run Prettier

Example package.json scripts block:
```json
"scripts": {
  "start": "react-scripts start",
  "build": "react-scripts build",
  "test": "react-scripts test",
  "lint": "eslint src --ext .js,.jsx",
  "format": "prettier --write \"src/**/*.{js,jsx,css,md}\""
}
```

## Environment variables
Create a `.env` file (gitignored) for any runtime configuration:
```
REACT_APP_API_BASE_URL=https://api.example.com
REACT_APP_NODE_ENV=development
```
Add any API keys or host configuration here and document required variables.

## Project structure (suggested)
A typical React layout — adapt this to your repo:
```
/public
/src
  /components
  /pages
  /hooks
  /styles
  /assets
  App.js
  index.js
package.json
README.md
```

## Testing & quality
- Add unit tests with Jest and React Testing Library.
- Add E2E tests later with Cypress or Playwright.
- Add ESLint + Prettier for consistent code style.
- Add a GitHub Actions workflow to run lint and tests on PRs.

## Deployment
Common deployment targets:
- Vercel / Netlify — automatic builds from GitHub
- Static host on CDN after `npm run build`
- If you add a backend, deploy as separate service (Heroku, DigitalOcean, AWS, etc.)

Example: Deploy to Vercel
1. Connect GitHub repo
2. Use `npm run build` as the build command
3. Set environment variables in Vercel dashboard

## Roadmap
Short-term
- Wire up backend APIs for search and suggestions
- Integrate a video player component (HLS)
- Add README, LICENSE, and CONTRIBUTING.md

Mid-term
- Authentication (JWT / OAuth)
- Recommendations engine
- Analytics & monitoring (Sentry, Google Analytics)

Long-term
- Scalability: CDN, transcoding pipeline, adaptive bitrate streaming
- Mobile apps (React Native)

## Contributing
Thanks for considering contributing! A simple workflow:
1. Fork the repo
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feat/my-feature`
3. Commit changes with clear messages
4. Open a pull request describing the change

Please add:
- A clear PR description of the problem and solution
- Screenshots or recordings for UI changes
- Tests for new functionality where possible

Suggested repository files to add:
- CONTRIBUTING.md
- ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
- PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## License
If you want others to reuse your code, add a license file. A common choice is the MIT license.

Example:
- Create a `LICENSE` file with the MIT license text.

## Contact
Author: Aravind (GitHub: [@aravind7979](https://github.com/aravind7979))
Email: aravindindrapally79@gmail.com

---

If you'd like, I can:
- Generate this README as a file ready to add to the repo.
- Create a simple GitHub Actions workflow to run lint/tests on PRs.
- Draft a CONTRIBUTING.md and ISSUE/PR templates.

Which would you like me to create next?

Commit message:

Update README with live demo link and content revisions
Added a live demo link and updated sections for clarity.

README.md, after:

# Smart Streaming Platform

🔗 **Live demo:**  https://aravind7979.github.io/Smart-streaming-platform-/

A lightweight React-based frontend for a smart streaming platform — browse, search and explore media content. This repository contains the UI portion (React + JavaScript + HTML) and is an early-stage implementation of the app layout, home/explore/search pages and components.

> NOTE: This project is in active development. The README below is designed to get the app running locally and to give a clear roadmap for next steps.

## Table of contents
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Tech stack](#tech-stack)
- [Features (done / planned)](#features-done--planned)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Getting started (local development)](#getting-started-local-development)
- [Available scripts](#available-scripts)
- [Environment variables](#environment-variables)
- [Project structure](#project-structure)
- [Testing & quality](#testing--quality)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)

## Demo
> Demo screenshots and live preview will be added in upcoming commits.


## Tech stack
- Frontend: React (JavaScript)
- Markup: HTML
- Package manager: npm (or yarn)
- Recommended tools: ESLint, Prettier, GitHub Actions for CI

## Features (done / planned)
Done
- Initial React project structure and layout
- Navbar, sidebar and responsive layout
- Home feed UI with category chips
- Explore page (category browsing)
- Search page UI

Planned / suggested
- Video player (HLS/DASH) with adaptive streaming
- Backend APIs for media metadata, authentication and streaming
- Tests (unit and E2E), CI, and deployment setup
- Performance & accessibility improvements

## Prerequisites
- Node.js (LTS recommended, e.g. 16.x or 18.x)
- npm (comes with Node) or yarn
- Git

## Getting started (local development)
1. Clone the repo
   git clone https://github.com/aravind7979/Smart-streaming-platform-.git
2. Enter the project folder
   cd Smart-streaming-platform-
4. Start the dev server
   
## Available scripts
Add or update these scripts in your package.json if they are not present:

- npm start — start the development server
- npm run build — create a production build
- npm test — run unit tests
- npm run lint — run ESLint
- npm run format — run Prettier

Example package.json scripts block:
```json
"scripts": {
  "start": "react-scripts start",
  "build": "react-scripts build",
  "test": "react-scripts test",
  "lint": "eslint src --ext .js,.jsx",
  "format": "prettier --write \"src/**/*.{js,jsx,css,md}\""
}
```

## Environment variables
Create a `.env` file (gitignored) for any runtime configuration:
```
REACT_APP_API_BASE_URL=https://api.example.com
REACT_APP_NODE_ENV=development
```
Add any API keys or host configuration here and document required variables.

## Project structure (suggested)
A typical React layout — adapt this to your repo:
```
/public
/src
  /components
  /pages
  /hooks
  /styles
  /assets
  App.js
  index.js
package.json
README.md
```

## Testing & quality
- Add unit tests with Jest and React Testing Library.
- Add E2E tests later with Cypress or Playwright.
- Add ESLint + Prettier for consistent code style.
- Add a GitHub Actions workflow to run lint and tests on PRs.

## Deployment
Common deployment targets:
- Vercel / Netlify — automatic builds from GitHub
- Static host on CDN after `npm run build`
- If you add a backend, deploy as separate service (Heroku, DigitalOcean, AWS, etc.)

Example: Deploy to Vercel
1. Connect GitHub repo
2. Use `npm run build` as the build command
3. Set environment variables in Vercel dashboard

## Roadmap
Short-term
- Wire up backend APIs for search and suggestions
- Integrate a video player component (HLS)
- Add README, LICENSE, and CONTRIBUTING.md

Mid-term
- Authentication (JWT / OAuth)
- Recommendations engine
- Analytics & monitoring (Sentry, Google Analytics)

Long-term
- Scalability: CDN, transcoding pipeline, adaptive bitrate streaming
- Mobile apps (React Native)

## Contributing
Thanks for considering contributing! A simple workflow:
1. Fork the repo
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feat/my-feature`
3. Commit changes with clear messages
4. Open a pull request describing the change

Please add:
- A clear PR description of the problem and solution
- Screenshots or recordings for UI changes
- Tests for new functionality where possible

Suggested repository files to add:
- CONTRIBUTING.md
- ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
- PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## License
If you want others to reuse your code, add a license file. A common choice is the MIT license.


## Contact
Author: Aravind (GitHub: [@aravind7979](https://github.com/aravind7979))
Email: aravindindrapally79@gmail.com
